en: revise the tidbcluster scaling doc (#390)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/enable-tidb-cluster-auto-scaling.md

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    $ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/master/examples/auto-scale/tidb-cluster.yaml -n ${namespace}
    ```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    $ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/master/examples/auto-scale/tidb-monitor.yaml -n ${namespace}
    ```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    $ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/master/examples/auto-scale/tidb-cluster-auto-scaler.yaml  -n ${namespace}
    ```

2. After the TiDB cluster is created, expose the TiDB cluster service to the local machine by running the following command:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl port-forward svc/auto-scaling-demo-tidb 4000:4000 &
    ```

    Copy the following content and paste it to the local `sysbench.config` file:

    {{< copyable "" >}}

    ```config
    mysql-host=127.0.0.1
    mysql-port=4000
    mysql-user=root
    mysql-password=
    mysql-db=test
    time=120
    threads=20
    report-interval=5
    db-driver=mysql
    ```

> 3. Prepare data and stress test the auto-scaling feature using [sysbench](https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Prepare data and perform the stress test against the auto-scaling feature using [sysbench](https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench).
```

> 3. Prepare data and stress test the auto-scaling feature using [sysbench](https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Prepare data and perform the stress test against the auto-scaling feature using [sysbench](https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench).
```

    Copy the following content and paste it to the local `sysbench.config` file:

    {{< copyable "" >}}

    ```config
    mysql-host=127.0.0.1
    mysql-port=4000
    mysql-user=root
    mysql-password=
    mysql-db=test
    time=120
    threads=20
    report-interval=5
    db-driver=mysql
    ```

    Prepare data by running the following command:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    sysbench --config-file=${path-to-file}/sysbench.config oltp_point_select --tables=1 --table-size=20000 prepare
    ```

    Start the stress test:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    sysbench --config-file=${path-to-file}/sysbench.config oltp_point_select --tables=1 --table-size=20000 run
    ```

>     The above command will return the following result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The command above will return the following result:
```

    [ 5s ] thds: 20 tps: 37686.35 qps: 37686.35 (r/w/o: 37686.35/0.00/0.00) lat (ms,95%): 0.99 err/s: 0.00 reconn/s: 0.00
    [ 10s ] thds: 20 tps: 38487.20 qps: 38487.20 (r/w/o: 38487.20/0.00/0.00) lat (ms,95%): 0.95 err/s: 0.00 reconn/s: 0.00
    ```

4. Create a new terminal session and view the Pod changing status of the TiDB cluster by running the following command:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    watch -n1 "kubectl -n ${namespace} get pod"
    ```

    The output is as follows:

    ```sh
    auto-scaling-demo-discovery-fbd95b679-f4cb9   1/1     Running   0          17m
    auto-scaling-demo-monitor-6857c58564-ftkp4    3/3     Running   0          17m
    auto-scaling-demo-pd-0                        1/1     Running   0          17m
    auto-scaling-demo-tidb-0                      2/2     Running   0          15m
    auto-scaling-demo-tidb-1                      2/2     Running   0          15m
    auto-scaling-demo-tikv-0                      1/1     Running   0          15m
    auto-scaling-demo-tikv-1                      1/1     Running   0          15m
    auto-scaling-demo-tikv-2                      1/1     Running   0          15m
    ```

>     View the changing status of Pods and the TPS and QPS of sysbench. When a new Pod is created in TiKV and TiDB, the TPS and QPS of sysbench increase significantly. 

Reviewer: Can a Pod be created in TiDB and TiKV at the same time?

Author: Updated. `a Pod` -> `Pods`

>     View the changing status of Pods and the TPS and QPS of sysbench. When a new Pod is created in TiKV and TiDB, the TPS and QPS of sysbench increase significantly. 

Author: ```suggestion
    View the changing status of Pods and the TPS and QPS of sysbench. When new Pods are created in TiKV and TiDB, the TPS and QPS of sysbench increase significantly. 
```

>     After sysbench finishes the test, the newly created Pod in TiKV and TiDB vanishes automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After sysbench finishes the test, the newly created Pod in TiKV and TiDB disappears automatically.
```

>     After sysbench finishes the test, the newly created Pod in TiKV and TiDB disappears automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
    After sysbench finishes the test, the newly created Pods in TiKV and TiDB disappear automatically.
```

> 5. Destroy the environment by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Destroy the environment by running the following commands:
```
